DM-2343 Static template for failing device's executing operations. (#1081)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/reference/smartrest-two-bundle/mqtt-static-templates.md

506,c8y_Restart
```

<a name="507"></a>
##### Set EXECUTING operations to FAILED (507)

> Set EXECUTING operations with given fragment or all of them to FAILED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set EXECUTING operations with a given fragment to FAILED.
If the fragment parameter is empty, all EXECUTING operations are set to FAILED.
```
